Customizable Movie Award Base/README.md, before:

Customizable Movie Award Base
=============================

Here's something for all the party planning committees getting ready for the upcoming movie awards.

My wife asked if I could print out some awards for her red carpet viewing party. I thought it was time that I gave my Replicator 2X a little dualstrusion to play with.

Using Customizer you can add two lines of custom text to the base of this statue. This can be printed using a single extruder or with dual extruders. When exporting the model from Customizer pick your desired extruder configuration. "Single Extruder" will output a model with inset lettering. "Dual Extruder" will give you two models, print these in two different colors for the effect pictured in the photos above.

For those of you also hosting parties, print the included sculpture from cerberus333 (thanks for the excellent award statue sculpt! I'm not sure if I would have started this project if I didn't have access to your awesome sculpture) to stand on top. Or make your own award statue, this could be great re-purposed for birthdays, graduations, fathers day, etc (best maker anyone?).

![](https://raw.github.com/thenewhobbyist/OpenSCAD/master/Customizable%20Movie%20Award%20Base/DSC_4835_copy4_display_large.jpg)

![](https://raw.github.com/thenewhobbyist/OpenSCAD/master/Customizable%20Movie%20Award%20Base/DSC_4831_copy_display_large.jpg)

Commit message:

Improved single extruder model
Increased the depth of the letting cutouts for the single extruder
export.

Customizable Movie Award Base/README.md, after:

Customizable Movie Award Base
=============================

Here's something for all the party planning committees getting ready for the upcoming movie awards.

My wife asked if I could print out some awards for her red carpet viewing party. I thought it was time that I gave my Replicator 2X a little dualstrusion to play with.

Using Customizer you can add two lines of custom text to the base of this statue. This can be printed using a single extruder or with dual extruders. When exporting the model from Customizer pick your desired extruder configuration. "Single Extruder" will output a model with inset lettering. "Dual Extruder" will give you two models, print these in two different colors for the effect pictured in the photos above.

For those of you also hosting parties, print the included sculpture from cerberus333 (thanks for the excellent award statue sculpt! I'm not sure if I would have started this project if I didn't have access to your awesome sculpture) to stand on top. Or make your own award statue, this could be great re-purposed for birthdays, graduations, fathers day, etc (best maker anyone?).

Change Log:
v1.0 CREATED
v1.1 Increased the depth of the lettering cutouts for single extruder prints.

![](https://raw.github.com/thenewhobbyist/OpenSCAD/master/Customizable%20Movie%20Award%20Base/DSC_4835_copy4_display_large.jpg)

![](https://raw.github.com/thenewhobbyist/OpenSCAD/master/Customizable%20Movie%20Award%20Base/DSC_4831_copy_display_large.jpg)
